The Joe Rogan experience.
Hey, um, what do we know about, uh, the, the bounty
was all that, that we were looking at before? No, I.
Yeah, I, I deleted that bank.
We were looking at something you were trying to figure out whether,
what was it that we were trying to figure out was actually true.
$80 Million, but bounty, is that what it was? I heard earlier it was 50 million,
but let.
Me check. Listen, if nobody pays 80, then you know,
somebody comes along and they say, I wanna do it for 40 five's. Yeah.
An 80 million bounty on Trump. George Lopez jokes. We'll do it for half.
That's.
So funny. <laugh>.
I guess you're not allowed to say that Well's.
Back. And the.
President, someone at the funeral said that if they bring him his head,
like 80 million whoa,
80 million citizens contributed a dollar. Oh, no. Sorry. If they did,
is what it said. Someone stole.
That. Oh. If, if each of the countries 80 million citizens contributed $1,
there'd be an 80 million reward for anyone who brings us Trump's head,
George Lopez says we'll do it for half that's. Uh that's what a comic says,
folks. <laugh> that's funny. <laugh> any other time it's uh,
you know what, man, when anybody could be the president, right?
And this is sort of manner,
is it really the same thing to threaten the president? Like, is it,
is it the same thing as threatening Lincoln? Is it,
is it the same thing to threaten Trump in a joke, uh,
to threaten a guy, just think about it. Who is a former game show? Host?
Who's a, a noted, noted baller, right? A character in many,
many rap songs cuz of his balling and he likes to talk on Twitter.
You can't make a joke. You can't make that joke like that. We'll do it for half.
You can't make that joke.
Some of the rap guys have gotten in trouble for what they've been saying in
their songs though.
I know, but that's a weird one.
I mean, he's still the president and as much as it's I know, but.
That's where it's weird. Yeah. It's like, what does that mean?
What does that mean? It means you're better than everybody.
Every definitely better than everybody. I can't pretend we're gonna kill you.
Even talking about it. I think you can get in trouble. What.
Happened to Kathy Griffin? When she showed that rubber head,
she had that rubber Trump head, nothing. Right? She.
Gets suspended from Twitter. She lost her career. I.
Don't know. No, she didn't get suspended from Twitter.
They gave her a bump in the algorithm.
<Laugh> it did her career up. Did it? Yeah.
A lot of cancellations of shows. I'm sure.
Yeah. I think she took some time off too. Yeah. That's weird.
Nobody thought Kathy Griffin was really gonna murder Trump. Right? Right.
It have been artist. Yeah. Art.
Type thing. It might have been in port days,
especially since she knew him and she was on his show.
All of it is crazy, man. It's all so crazy. Let me ask you both.
Are you guys worried about Iran? Not too much.
You worried about what what's happening here?
You worried about these military people making joint exercises.
When that happened. What.
Was interesting?
I was gonna bring up is that the LAPD's made some tweets that they're gonna,
like, we're watching LA just case. Everybody's worried. And they're like,
what are you talking about? And they're like, oh, I don't know.
Just we're just paying attention. Huh?
Okay. I'm not worried about it as much as,
as previous type stuff that's happened. What you know, like with,
uh, uh, like North Korea or you're worried more about North Korea.
I was worried more about North Korea cuz that's like an actual threat from,
I think a crazy person and where I think I ran.
They're just gonna try to kill Trump. I don't think they're gonna necessarily.
Like bro, if they kill Trump, it's going to be chaos.
Yeah. I don't think I don't. And I don't think they're gonna be able to do that.
I think if anything, this is the worst part has already happened.
Maybe I don't think so. I think there's gonna be some sort of retaliation.
Funeral that they showed on a people were there.
Yeah. The guy was in a Chevy showed up. So I noticed in a American truck.
Respect. Why, why, why does this one concern you so much than like, you.
Know, because it seems like this is the first example of someone being
impulsive. Someone making this kind of a decision that maybe, uh,
strategy experts and real military experts. Would've had some
real good. I mean, this is speculating,
but that they would have some real good reasons why this is a terrible idea and
that there are other methods of working things out that doesn't have to
go this way. Doesn't have to be. And this is not a movie. This is real life.
Yeah.
But do you think they're just gonna force 'em out then?
Like don't don't know what's gonna happen.
It almost seems like it's too good to be true are for people that hate.
Trump sort of. But then if something happens, here's the thing.
If something happens, especially something horrible happens.
See the way America is like we are like,
we have the genes of this wild conquer,
just lust for travel human that was willing to get on a
boat and make it over here from Europe and from where every other place.
And then the slaves that were dragged in here against their own will.
And then the other people that were imprisoned here and they were,
and then the native Americans who got pushed out and the Mexicans that got put
that's, this is all thousand of years of jeans, right?
The moment something goes crazy. That's when all that stuff comes out, like,
do you remember how people were when nine 11 happened?
Everybody had an American flag on their car, man, everywhere. It,
it became an intense place place where you like, you, you just that,
that whole break glass in case of war, like that's real. If someone provokes,
someone does something where we feel like we're really at war,
we're gonna unite. We're gonna unite in a crazy way.
And the thing is a lot of people are gonna love it.
They're gonna feel great that we're United against an evil.
Cause I mean, this is,
this is why people have employed that strategy to convince their people,
to get into war. I mean, Hitler did it, right? Didn't Hitler.
He burned the rice tag, right? That was,
he did that in order to get people more enthusi
asked about his plans. I'm pretty sure he did that.
And I think Nero did that with Rome as well. But,
but I'm an idiot and my memory's faulty. So who knows,
you know, way more than anybody. So <laugh> no four weeks after.
Definitely not an arson attack was performed on the race dog bill. Oh,
so it was arson. So they think he did it in order to get people pumped up, like,
look, the fur was right, man. Uh,
I've been in the, the middle of this fourth native American book,
this blood and thunder book that just happened.
Like the, the reason why I'm worried is not because of the news,
not just, but also because of these books, we,
it talks about the native American interactions with the soldiers and the
settlers and that is in our genes, man. It just happened.
People were horrible. They did horrible thing.
And it shatters this notion that so many of us loved to hold onto,
without the Europeans here,
the native Americans live peacefully <laugh> they didn't live peacefully with
each other. No one ever has the native Americans slaughter each other.
They took each other slave. They killed each other. They tortured each other.
The command sheets were known for it. I mean,
it's horrific hearing these stories,
horrific what soldiers did too horrific with the human beings of that era when
forced into that conflict were willing to do and what they were willing to
become. That is not that long ago, man. That's why I'm scared. Well,
I'm scared because I, I feel like we are gone so far. It's so safe.
It's so safe that people don't even like saying that it's safe. We like,
we like to be in denial about it and focus on so much of the inequality,
the in inadequacies and all the problems and the violence and this and that.
And they're right about all those things. But God, this is a soft time to live.
And if some hits the fan,
you're all gonna know that when you're really worried about your life every day,
when your loved one's really could get shot and killed by someone who's a,
a mile away with a scope because that's, what's been going on.
If that's what it comes down to, you're gonna understand how soft we had it.
You're gonna really know how soft we had it.
And this is that cycle that everybody says right hard times, make strong men,
strong men make easy times, easy times make weak men. And this is a,
a, a common, it's just how human are. We need a motivation to kick.
We need, we need some reason to rise to the top.
We need some reason to go out there and conquer.
And that the best reason is if we get attacked, if we get attacked,
we're gonna go crazy. It's gonna be horrible. I'm really scared.
Like I'm like legitimately worried that people,
some people are losing their grip on what violence actually means and what war
actually means, cuz it's not happening over here.
And because it doesn't happen over here.
The only ones that can tell us are the ones that went over there,
the ones that went over there and come back, they do not paint pretty stories.
They paint stories of ugly people and day dangerous people. And they're like,
you gotta be vigilant cause you gotta be diligent and you gotta be vigilant
because this world is not what you think it is.
There's a lot of parts of this world that are chaos written and filled with
crime and filled with murder and filled with death and filled with despair and
there's money there and there's terrorists.
And there's these religious fundamentalists who wanna throw gay people off
roofs. And that real. That's happening in 2020 right now,
somewhere in the world.
They're probably planning on throwing a gay guy off a roof who,
because some,
some person wrote that down 2000 years ago or whatever it was
F luck.